Fix/asyncrender closure (#540)
V4Fire/Client: src/super/i-block/modules/async-render/CHANGELOG.md

> - :house:      [Internal]
> - :nail_care:  [Polish]

## v3.0.0-rc.194 (2021-05-28)

#### :bug: Bug Fix

> * Fixed bug with referencing value from `closure` in `iterate` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug with referencing a closure' value in the `iterate` method
```
